Hi everyone! Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai and...
Voice actress Uesaka Sumire here!
Today, will I be able to properly
Promote Ordinal Strata?
It's okay!
A: Sumire-chan is in charge of character voices and you're in the video so
Sumire: Yes
I think that's enough publicity
Umm that's a bit...
For Ordinal Strata we need to look at it's charms
Promotion videos are supposed to do that so
Today, I was expecting that we would include that aspect in this video
What do you think?
No!
Noo!!
What is up with this girl!
Even if you say that we are doing something else
What are we doing today~
For now, if we want to do something related to a promotion
A: There is something we must do
S: Yes
There are lots of ladies and gentlemen here
A: Isn't that right?
S: Yes yes yes
That's right~
If Sumire-chan says "Ordinal Strata!"
with a pose. If you do that it will be a good promotion.
Isn't that just a one shot performance?
It's not a one shot performance!
Try it!
Ordinal Strata
Yes! Perfect~! Now the app will get lots of profit~♪
S:It's not that simple~!
A: Of course!
Do it once more ♪
Eh? Ordinal Strata ♪
She does it for me~!
Mann!!!
Well-
I'm going to explain today's plan now
I think Sumire-chan is a super star right now!
No no, I'm nothing like that
A super star?
Yes a super star!
Sumire-chan has something that
other people don't
Okay
I would like to verify that!
How are you going to verify that?
With the Gacha game!
I know what gacha is, the popular people-
(TL: gacha is the summon in this game)
Ah yes.  If you are popular
S: You set an amount and open up a lot
S: Is that what it is?
A: Yes yes yes
S: Alright!
A: Without further ado
I want to go ahead with spinning Oridinal Strata summons
Spinning
The planning for gacha is
as expected is to prepare your money
Crap
S: I just bought too many clothes so I don't have any money at all
A: Yeah I thought as much
I'm scared of making your fans my enemies so-
Ehehehe
I have prepared some funds
"Ohh!"
Well Sumire-chan
If you immediately pull what I was hoping for
Then the pain in my chest
no matter how much it hurts
the remaining iTunes cards
will accumulate
This is what is means to be a YouTuber
Within the limited budget
If we can get the character we are hoping for
The remaining difference
will we give away to our viewers
Ai-chan you are so kind hearted
Further from the management-
we have a give away!
Sumire-chan
for every consecutive 10 tries
can you believe it
the viewers will get
10 quartz!
Oh that's amazing
We are seriously
planning to do the summoning
What are you aiming to get Ai-chan?
Clair-chan
Clair-san
A: My most favorite one is
S: Yes?
A: Aloha-chan though
S: Yes
It's unfortunate that she is only an SR
S: So we are hoping to get two, sort of feeling
A: Oh!
S: Let's get going
A: Let's go
Time to buy stones
Purchase Quartz?
How many-
How many Quartz should we buy?
Umm the one with the most?  9000-
Is it the ¥9800 one?
One time purchase 1700 Quartz
Umm you know
I only just realised
I've only put in ¥3000 from the card
I bought ¥9800 worth of summoning
Ai- Ai-chan it seems that I've used your allowance or something to buy it
A: "AHH!!!"
S: "Hahaha"
I'm going to
to start the summoning
It's like this-
When you tap the 10 summon
Asusena-chan will appear
If Asusena-chan is holding a rainbow colored crystal
we have a confirmed SSR!
Then-
If a mage makes an entrance
if the mage
is golden then it will become an SSR!!
Are we all prepared?
Alright I understand.  It will be fine
It's time to pull
10 consecutive summons.  Confirm
Oh
It's golden so that means-
What is this?
Oh
Ah
There seems to be a lot of weapons
Yes
Ah
S: This is?
A: AH
S: It's Aloha-chan
A: Ah ah!
S: Aloha-chan appeared Ai-chan!
A: Oh thank god!
As expected Sumire-chan is lucky!
We've hired a star!
S: Hurray!
A: Hurray! We've hired a star!
Hi five!
A: Yay
S: Yay
I am totally a star then
Eh
That's it for work?
Ah You-
You still need to tap-
Ah-
That's right there is still a lot left
The weapons are just coming one after another
S: Sometimes this person will show up
A: Oh?
S: Like so- I see
A: Yes yes yes
Mmm
SSR~
Well even so
Aloha-chan appeared
Yeah
Can I start the second 10 consecutive summon?
Yes let's keep going
What is going to appear?
Oh
S: It's a rainbow stone
A: Ah ah Ah!
Oh
S: This is
A: This is
S: What is going to appear~
A: Ah ah ah
There are two golden ones
Oh
Eh
Looking good?
Maybe?
Oh
"Eh- he- he-"
S: An SSR character
A: Ohhh!
Game: My name is Imelda
S: has appeared
A: Imelda-chan
Imelda-san
G: Would you like to try my sweets?
G: It's nice~
There are a lot of SR
A lot
"Ara"
"Ah-"
Amazing
Oh the one before was only just a weapon
Yeah
It seems that it's just weapons this time
Hmm hmm
S: With that
A: But-
SSR!
S: SSR rare has appeared
A: There are two of them
It's a big prize if you get a weapon and a character, right?
Let's keep going!
Here we go!
What is going to appear?
What-
Oh-
Oh
Oh!
A & S: Oh~
Ah
S: It was just a weapon
S: So close
A: There was nothing
Oh~
S: So-
A: Even so
Mm
Looking good
Up to now
we got 3 SSR
A: Ah that's right
S: Hm?
I
have come a long way in this project
Well surely
I and Sumire-chan have worked this hard
Mmm
The management as well
don't you think they should do something as well?
Well sure.  We have worked really hard
Before-
the management said that for every 10 consecutive summons
A: They will give out 10 Quartz but-
S: Yes
Don't you want a bit more?
I want about 1700
For every 10 consecutive summon
at least
I would want 36
Yes surely
S: If you have 36 then you can do a single summon
A: Yes yes yes
How does that sound?
For what you have done now... 36 x 3
Just what we have done now?
Clair-chan still hasn't appeared
That's true
Then how about 15...
S: 15 Ai-chan is 15?
A: 15?
I can't really be satisfied with that
This girl is going at it again
Ok I'm going to give in
360 is a 10 consecutive summon
so-
a multiple of 3.  So 30 of them!
Did you really give in or not? I don't know.  How does that sound?
For 30 if you work hard, it should be possible
So if we work hard then we can do it right?
Oh
Well everyone
You heard that right?
For every 10 consecutive summons by Sumire-chan
everyone gets 30 Quartz
Intermission
Just now-
they said to stop the camera
and the filming was to be put on hold
A: They said that yes.
S: Well- well-
"No matter what 30 is impossible.  Please forgive us "
is what they said
They said "How does 15 sound?" to our producers
They said apologetically
Please with 15
will you give to that?
S: Ai-chan
A: Sumire-chan
Yes?
You are being fooled
Eh?
Add 5 more
and make it 20
20?
Okay
Ah
We have a compromise
Oh Yeah.  I won!!
Anyways if I just summon the right one
right?
I’ll...
Finish this quickly to ensure your gifts won’t be reduced
I will try my best and get out target!
Ha.. Pleas-
Ahhh...
S: Ahh… This looks bad...
A: Ahh… But!
A: You can tell yet!
S: Really?
Uwa… This time…
We didn’t get much from it...
S: Uwa… This is hard…
A: Its okay!
A: Let’s continue!
S: Let’s continue?
Ah...
It seems like...
We have used up the stones...
Then let’s add more!
Alright! Let’s add more!
I am going to get them all! I am going to get them all!
I’m going to charge a lot into my account!
9800 Yen… Which means...
We have to sacrifice 4 iTunes cards right?
A: Ahh… You're right! Um-hum!
S: Um-hum!
A: Wait Sumire-chan...
S: Hum?
Did you take an extra one?
Really?
I'll get it all!
I'll keep going until it comes out!
Ah!
I ran out of gems!
Eh? That's fast.
It's fast!
To think it would run out this quickly.
Wah....
It won't come out, Aichan…
Sumire-chan have
already proven
Your “star” nature
But from this point...
If I keep purchasing stones.
These sparkling iTunes cards will
end up perishing too so...
Let's just leave it as it is for today?
Let's do that!
If you say so, then no choice.
Um!
Yes!
So with that being said...
About these...
iTunes cards...
I'd like to make them into presents!
Everyone, please use these cards!
Aichan's treating you to these cards.
Can I ask for one favour though?
What is it?
Can you please autograph it for me.
Autograph?
For those iTunes cards...
that was just used...
I'd like you to sign them... You can ignore the new cards.
Oh uh.. eh...
These used up (dead) iTunes cards?
Why would you want me to sign these?
I’ll make them a present.
Is that even possible?
A: It is! It is! It is!
S: Is that even possible?
Even if it's a used up card or whatever...
The winners would want to frame it...
And make it into a prized possession!
If it's something like signing, I can definitely do that.
Oh.
Thank you.
These...
Signed used iTunes cards and.
Yes.
The unused cards.
Yes..
We'd like to make it as presents for everyone!
Oooh!.
The way to apply is...
Follow the official Twitter of Ordinal Strata
And tweet or retweet about the present usage...
You'll have finished your application.
The announcement for the winners will be
announced through Twitter DMs.
The details will..
Be here so please take a look at the description!
Perfect! So with this..
I'm also a Youtuber, right?
Yes! You're a Youtuber too.
I've really come to realize the scariness of doing gachas with my own eyes.
Kind of like...
I've done gachas but,
Have I passed along the appeal properly I wonder?
You definitely passed it!
See...
There's been a lot of characters that have been shown and...
You can also get autographs...
It'll be fine!
It'll... Be okay! (?)
And so!
The we have spinned...
for about 12 times right?
That's right! Around 12 times.
And each time you get 20 quarts per!.
We'll be giving these out as presents..
It's quite a gift isn't it?
Right?
If everyone can enjoy it...
Because it's the real thing!
With that being said...
Today was...
Ordinal Strata!
Yes! And so,
This was Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai and..
Eh...
Voice actress Uesaka Sumire!
Bye bye!
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by ericat, sirrequiem and andychin77
Timed by Loserbait